Looks like I'm crazy.
I remember a crazy drunk life.
Are you going?
General Director Wang, listen to me.
The king could not send a woman.
Looks like we don't need to cooperate anymore.
It turns out that your performance is based on this.
Come on, listen to me.
Director Huang, what happened today?
You should explain.
The one who has prepared the name of the late general director s fiancee has been revealed.
I am afraid that such a big city has a place for me.
Director General, please forgive me.
All of them are leaders of the Rebellion.
I'm afraid of committing a crime against him.
affect the interests of the company.
The secretary is just drunk.
We didn't do anything.
Starting tomorrow.
Do this procedure yourself.
I don't want to see you again.
The General Director also has
What would happen today if someone else knew?
You know what?
The late General
Trying to get back to the old house?
Sister Ninh is drunk.
If you vomit at night, there may be a risk of choking.
It's not too early.
You go and rest.
Right.
This general manager still can't rest assured your secretary.
Hey.
The main actor.
Why are you in my room?
Female lead
Snow, wake up.
Hey.
Son of a bitch.